docs: add new vsphere known issue (#3896)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/enterprise-install.md

   ```shell hideClipboard
   pod "mgmt-f7f97f4fd-lds69" deleted
   ```

> ## Run Script to Make vSphere CNS Mapping Unique

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Non-unique vSphere CNS Mapping
```
Removed run. Maybe this, as it describes the issue

In Palette releases 4.4.8 and earlier, self-hosted instances of Palette in vSphere do not have globally unique cluster
IDs. This can lead to issues if you have multiple instances of self-hosted Palette in your vSphere environment, and can
lead to data loss and data overwrite issues during an upgrade as well.

This issue is resolved in Palette releases starting with 4.4.14. However, if you have self-hosted instances of Palette
in your vSphere environment, you should execute the following utility script to make the Cloud Native Storage (CNS)
mapping unique for the associated PVC.

### Debug Steps

1. SSH to the VM where you can access your self-hosted Palette instance with `kubectl`.

2. Issue the following command to download the utility script.

   ```bash
   curl --output csi-helper https://software.spectrocloud.com/tools/csi-helper/csi-helper
   ```

3. Adjust the permission of the script.

>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ```bash
```

   chmod +x csi-helper
   ```

> 4. Download the kubeconfig file of your self-hosted Palette instance.

Reviewer: Let's explain here that you can get the Kubeconfig for the self-hosted cluster from the System Console and by navigating to the **System Profiles**  and accessing the cluster details page.

5. Issue the following command to execute the utility script. Replace the placeholder with the path to your kubeconfig
   file

   ```bash
   ./csi-helper --kubeconfig=<PATH_TO_KUBECONFIG>
   ```

6. Issue the following command to verify that the script had updated the cluster ID.

   ```bash
   kubectl describe configmap vsphere-cloud-config --namespace=kube-syste
   ```

   If the update is successful, the cluster ID in the ConfigMap should be a unique ID instead of
   `spectro-mgmt/spectro-mgmt-cluster`.

   ```hideClipboard {12}
   Name:         vsphere-cloud-config
   Namespace:    kube-system
   Labels:       component=cloud-controller-manager
               vsphere-cpi-infra=config
   Annotations:  cluster.spectrocloud.com/last-applied-hash: 17721994478134573986

   Data
   ====
   vsphere.conf:
   ----
   [Global]
   cluster-id = "896d25b9-bfac-414f-bb6f-52fd469d3a6c/spectro-mgmt-cluster"

   [VirtualCenter "vcenter.spectrocloud.dev"]
   insecure-flag = "true"

>    user = "lenny@vsphere.local"
>    password = "XT#CXiKWmC1"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   user = "example@vsphere.local"
   password = "************"
```
Removed creds

   ```shell hideClipboard
   pod "mgmt-f7f97f4fd-lds69" deleted
   ```

## Non-unique vSphere CNS Mapping

In Palette releases 4.4.8 and earlier, Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs) metadata do not use a unique identifier for
self-hosted Palette clusters. This causes incorrect Cloud Native Storage (CNS) mappings in vSphere, potentially leading
to issues during node operations and upgrades.

> This issue is resolved in Palette releases starting with 4.4.14. However, upgrading to 4.4.14 will not automatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue is resolved in Palette and VerteX releases starting with 4.4.14. However, upgrading to 4.4.14 will not automatically
```

> resolve this issue. If you have self-hosted instances of Palette in your vSphere environment older than 4.4.14, you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resolve this issue. If you have self-hosted instances of Palette or VerteX in your vSphere environment older than 4.4.14, you
```

should execute the following utility script manually to make the CNS mapping unique for the associated PVC.

### Debug Steps

1. Ensure your machine has network access to your self-hosted Palette instance with `kubectl`. Alternatively, establish
   an SSH connection to a machine where you can access your self-hosted Palette instance with `kubectl`.

2. Log in to your self-hosted Palette instance System Console.

3. In the **Main Menu**, click **Enterprise Cluster**.

4. In the cluster details page, scroll down to the **Kubernetes Config File** field and download the kubeconfig file.

5. Issue the following command to download the utility script.

   ```bash
   curl --output csi-helper https://software.spectrocloud.com/tools/csi-helper/csi-helper
   ```

6. Adjust the permission of the script.

   ```bash
   chmod +x csi-helper
   ```

7. Issue the following command to execute the utility script. Replace the placeholder with the path to your kubeconfig
   file.

   ```bash
   ./csi-helper --kubeconfig=<PATH_TO_KUBECONFIG>
   ```

> 8. Issue the following command to verify that the script had updated the cluster ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Issue the following command to verify that the script has updated the cluster ID.
```

   ```bash
   kubectl describe configmap vsphere-cloud-config --namespace=kube-syste
   ```

>    If the update is successful, the cluster ID in the ConfigMap should be a unique ID instead of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If the update is successful, the cluster ID in the ConfigMap will have a unique ID  assigned instead of
```
Sounds a bit more confident 😅
